Web page:
Add Device Button, Logout Button, Account Information button, Device Admin Button

List out all Devices the User can see
List contains: Device #, Device Location, Temperature(In Green, Yellow, or Red), Humidity(In Green, Yellow, or Red)
The Devices in the List are clickable and lead to a Device Form.

Device Form:
Shows Device information, name, location, time since last communication, graph, and users with access to device information.
Administrator may change who may see the device. Admins cannot remove Admins. Admins can also change thresholds.
Thresholds require a min and max for green temp, 2 yellow temps, and 2 red temps(yellow and red can be on both ends of green area)
	When a device enters yellow or red, every user with access gets messages or such based on their settings
Set a timeout for the device depending on how long there has been no contact. Send notification about this

Add Device Form:
Form shows you IP address and url so you can easily add new devices using code
Form has a "switch button" to allow any device with the ip and access code to be added automatically, or
	the button will require device registration through this form to work when device is plugged in for security, so that nobody can just add a device to the system
New devices with settings not set are listed here so that you can set things. this info will then be pushed to client.

Account Information Form:
Shows you your account info, like registration date. gives ability to set new password.
Set phone or email or both for warnings

Device Admin Button:
Exposes a page where you can send upgrades to specific devices to change code and customize. You can select whether to update from github, or
	to push a custom update.


Hardware End
Make a program with easy variables to manipulate to give each device their own info.



Will need:
A Device Database-all device info and historical stuff
A User Database



graphs of history
each room has an individual form which has graphs for that room
	has device information: device name, device location, time device has been active, time since last report, device number, other info about room or device, users who can see device
Devices should report once every 5 minutes unless temperature fluctuates more than 1Centigrade
make software for linux on pc to manually send reports(temperatures, 
	humidity, no communication for specified time for timeout testing)


optional-shutdown command for servers, SECURITY for this
add data from servers for their stuff

Wifi
Ethernet
POE

Alpha: Basic functionality
Beta: login/security
Release 1.0: graphs and such
Release dos.0: advanced maintenance and advanced features
